watch out great it's his own stupid
fault chris is dead it's his own fault
you can walk around
this place secure or is leaving your
post part of standard operating
procedure
in your new new year
gosh golly gee oh jeez something just
exploded Oh what he's a tek their queen
there was that a chair that was just
floating random um he's pretty worthless
if he can't fight off a single chick
zombie yeah
do we have Zombrex for him yep good I
bought some goody
I was just doing my job real good like
usual well the handcuffs were clearly
broken yeah I know
like Chuck
yeah there's a kick there yeah he's fine
party amen he likes party
smart cutscenes great they're so quiet
to this is so annoying
they kind of died right when they
entered yeah
we just got the wrong information calm
down now he's up there busy the
government not going to kill a bunch of
Monarch civilian said we need to go out
there and take control
I don't have pants
Oh
pom pom balls she likes it big kid
can we not can we not yeah
chuck is looking down her blouse yep
Oh
just plain suicide
you're choosing to wear that ugly beard
okay can we play that yeah okay we play
the game like to play a video game again
we here oh wait DK is infected all right
we gotta yeah
aight jerk the sub recs ninja is here
look
ah
shit
you raise the right chunky
but he just gave you some breakfast not
being an asshole and he knows he's got
24 hours now at least yeah looks like I
can be a dick as much as Allah for like
twenty three whole hours whatever
I guess we had to be the good guy yeah
man i wish i could just try painting
this hotboi Ambo at his face oh well all
right what are we doing again like your
own underground right back mmm all right
ready